# D&D 5E Character Sheet

This is a **work in progress sheet** for use on Roll20.net and with the latest (5th) edition of Dungeons & Dragons.  This sheet is designed to be compatible with the full release of 5th edition and I will try to keep it as up to date as possible with the system as and when rules become publicly available.  The sheet is also designed to be usable by all Roll20 users regardless of subscription level.  An API enhanced version of the sheet is planned for the future.

### Changelog

* Bugfix - 19th July 2014
Updates to fix an order of operations bug that would cause things like skill expertise and some weapon attacks/damage rolls to be incorrectly calculated.  Completely reworked the tabs used accross the sheet so they should now be cross browser compatible.  Re-added the class resource repeating section.  Some other minor layout tweaks to try and prevent wrapping/layout issues some have reported.

* Initial release - 10th July 2014
First release of the sheet.  It should support the majority of the Basic 5e rules (available as a free downloadable PDF).  Whilst the sheet cannot possibly cover every situation, and nor can it replace a basic understanding of the game rules/mechanics, it should be a helpful tool for new players whilst still providing more experienced players with some useful facilities too.  At this stage the sheet supports the D&D 5th edition basic and starter set rules...with some legacy support for the D&D Next playtest rules in the form of classes that are not yet released for 5th edition.  The sheet will be updated with the full 5th edition classes/rules as soon as time allows when the Player Handbook is available

### Other resources

* The scripts used to auto generate the sections flagged as auto generated by the comments in the html file can be found here - [DnD5e helper scripts](https://github.com/Actoba/DnD-5e-helper-scripts)

### Feedback

If you have any problems, suggestions or features you'd like to see added to the sheet then please let me know either by logging an issue on the github repo or by sending me a private message via roll20.  Please be patient when waiting for a reply, those locations are checked fairly often but, as is often the case, real life has a tendancy to get in the way!

Lastly, should anyone need it, you can find the old (and no longer updated) [DnD Next playtest version of the sheet here.](https://github.com/Actoba/roll20-character-sheets/tree/master/DnDNext_Actoba) It is based of the last publicly available playtest dated October 2013.

---

John Myles ([@Actoba](https://app.roll20.net/users/427494/actoba) on roll20)

