#Warhammer 40K Wrath and Glory RPG Character Sheet

This is a character sheet for the Warhammer 40K Wrath and Glory RPG. It features Character Attributes, Skills, Combat Traits, Mental Traits, Social Traits, Wrath and Glory Points, Talents, Objectives, Background, Malignancies, Ascension Notes, Melee and Ranged Weapons, and Gear.


## Author
Written by MattBx8 (Roll20 User ID 115594).


## Current Version
1.00


###Changelog

#### 1.00

* Sheet creation from Warhammer 40K Wrath and Glory Quick Start Rules "Blessings Unheralded". Additional changes when the actual rule system is released in August 2018.

* Created rollable tables, named 'WrathDie' and 'PoolDice', in order to simulate Wrath and Glory Dice System. 

* The character sheet requires these rollable tables for the roll buttons  in the character sheet to work. 

* Each rollable table should have the following 6 entries to simulate a six-sided die: value 0, weight 1, 1 pip D6 image (U+2680); value 0, weight 1, 2 pip D6 image (U+2681); value 0, weight 1, 3 pip D6 image (U+2682); value 1, weight 1, 4 pip D6 image (U+2683); value 1, weight 1, 5 pip D6 image (U+2684); and value 2, weight 1, 6 pip D6 image (U+2685). 

* The WrathDie images should be red while the PoolDice images should be any non-red, like black or green. 

* Added Character Attributes, Skills, Combat Traits, Mental Traits, Social Traits, Wrath and Glory Points, Talents, Objectives, Background, Malignancies, Ascension Notes, Melee and Ranged Weapons, and Gear.

* The character sheet allows one to roll skills directly, by clicking on the corresponding name or the roll button at the beginning of the row. 



### Credit Where Credit is Due
* The HTML of this sheet is based partially on the Only War character sheet.

* The CSS of this sheet is from the Only War character sheet.

* All questions concerning this sheet should be addressed to MattBx8.



