# D&D 5e Character Sheet

This is a character sheet for use on Roll20.net with the latest (5th) edition of Dungeons & Dragons. The sheet is designed to be usable by all Roll20 users regardless of subscription level.

### Changelog

**Initial release - 19 March 2015**
First release of the redesigned sheet.
**Notable changes:**
* Core page has been revamped to based on the design of the official paper sheet (http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-SIz9DByDeZw/U6M51aKP-OI/AAAAAAAAAzM/OZ72wWzJMTA/s1600/sheet1.jpg). The core sheet is meant to present the information in a more concise, readable way so that users can find information quickly. I'm not fully satisfied with everything (The initiative box is funky, skills are too tall, etc), but it leaves plenty of room to expand if anyone has suggestions for things to put in the holes.
* Header part of the sheet now includes information such as Character Name, Race, Class, Background, Level, Alignment, Vision, XP
* Heart contains HP info.
* Shield Contains AC info.
* Skills
  * Skills have moved to the core sheet. The skill page has been removed.
  * Skill proficiency automatically adds "Jack of All Trades" if you are unproficient and it is checked. There are 3 states now (Unproficient, Proficient, and Expertise) which are displayed with a more visible token (—, +, or ++). The full description can be seen when clicking the select box.
  * Skill modifiers can be seen on hover.
* Initiative's modifier is hidden - it can be seen on hover. (Not satisfied with the positioning of this.
* Armor Class (AC) now calculates based on the greater of Unarmored AC and Armored AC.
* Removed old class features as it will be removed in the main version soon anyways.
* Realigned classes on the class page
* Optional Settings tab has been added with the following options:
  * Death saves can be whispered to the DM
  * Initiative can have a tiebreaker. This adds a modifier based on your initiative bonus. For instance rolling a 14 on a d20 with a initiative bonus of 3 would be 17.03.

​## Future Changes:
* The NPC sheet is my top priority after I fix any remaining issues with the PC sheet.
* I plan to use something similar to "Weapons" for NPC attacks. I'll include open ended actions for more complex attacks, but most are fairly straight forward. I'm also looking to have a field that is always whispered to the GM for information like the DC of a save.
* Custom settings: I'm willing to add custom options/variants as long as they are technically feasible and can be hidden away without effecting users who do not want it.

## Requests and issues
As mentioned above please include the "Shaped" term when posting about this sheet. I will do my best to respond to posts. You can also open issues on ​github or contact me by PM, Twitter (@mlenser), gchat, or skype. If you have ideas/suggestions or want to work together I'm quite open.

##​ Differences between this version and the current version:
​I plan to watch the current version and port the changes to my version.
​
​## Reason for a new sheet:
​I was looking to add some custom options to the sheet (Whispering Death Saves to the GM), but it did not work out with the current developer. As a result I decided to create my own sheet. As a result I examined how the sheet is currently a bit hard to get information at a glance so I decided to redesign it as listed above.​

### Other resources

* The scripts used to auto generate the sections flagged as auto generated by the comments in the html file can be found here - [DnD5e helper scripts](https://github.com/Actoba/DnD-5e-helper-scripts)

---

Mark Lenser ([@mlenser](https://app.roll20.net/users/277007/mark) on roll20)

