# Buffy the Vampire Slayer RPG/Angel RPG/Cinematic Unisystem RPG Character Sheet

This is a character sheet for the Buffy the Vampire Slayer RPG/Angel RPG/Cinematic Unisystem RPG.  It features 5 separate tabs for Character Attributes and Secondary Attributes, Skills & Spells, Combat, Possession, and Notes.

## Current Version
1.05

### Changelog

#### 1.0
* Sheet creation per Character Sheet Request Thread.
* Added Character Archetype, Drama Points field and 5 extra Qualities and 5 extra Drawbacks to Character Tab. Removed Essence Points field.
* Incorporated BtVS/Angel Skills list, along with extra Wildcard skill fields, and modified Powers to Spells with, Die Roll, Power Level and Quick Cast to Skills & Spells Tab.
* Incorporated BtVS/Angel Hand-to-Hand Combat Maneuvers, Melee Weapons, Medieval Ranged Weapons and Modern Ranged Weapons to Combat Tab.

#### 1.01
* Added NPC Sheet in Tab 5 and moved Notes to Tab 4 with Gear/Possessions.

#### 1.02
* Added note "(add Damage Multiplier x Success Levels)" to damage rolls.
* Modified Stake through the Heart Damage Multiplier dropdown options for x4 (vs. Humans) and x5 (vs. Vampires).

#### 1.03
* Updated Character Type and Character Archetype options on Character Tab.
* Added note "(Compare Success Levels of Roll to Power Level of Spell)" to spell rolls on Skills & Spells Tab.
* Corrected/Added Combat Damage Type dropdown choices (Bash, Slash/Stab, Thru Heart, Vampire Heart, Decapitation, Bullet, Non-Bullet) that fills in (1, 2, 4, 5, 5, 2, 1) values into Damage Modifier fields for Medieval Melee Weapon table, Medieval Ranged Weapon table and Modern Ranged Weapon table on Combat Tab.
* Auto-populated Maneuver Rating for Medieval Ranged Weapon table and Modern Ranged Weapon table Combat Tab.

#### 1.04
* Mostly cosmetic changes to make the sheet easier to read.
* Removed the blood splatter and changed the font, added more spaces between table layouts.
* Spells, Drawbacks and other such are now extensible rather than having a pre-defined length.
* Bug: fix Some of the attackers were rolling the wrong thing. I've added notes on parts I haven't fixed for a later commit or some other soul to do.

#### 1.05
* Fixing Disarm and Parry

### Credit Where Credit is Due
The CSS of this sheet is from the All Flesh Must Be Eaten character sheet.
